fixtures/Provided/test.md, before:

# Valid 

You are free to use software provided always that

You are free to use software provided, however, that

You are free to use software provided however that

You are free to use software provided, however that

You are free to use software provided however, that

You are free to use software provided furthermore that

You are free to use software provided furthermore, that

You are free to use software provided that


You are free to use software providing always that

You are free to use software providing, however, that

You are free to use software providing however that

You are free to use software providing, however that

You are free to use software providing however, that

You are free to use software providing furthermore that

You are free to use software providing furthermore, that

You are free to use software providing that

# False positive

An information provided by the company

An information provided for the benefit of 

An information provided in compliance with

An information provided to the company

An information provided with this submission

An information provided on 1 March

An information provided at the press conference

An information provided as the trade secret

An information provided from the company

An information provided through any means of communication

An information provided under the NDA

An information provided pursuant to this NDA

Commit message:

change in provided rule
Signed-off-by: Artem.Svistunov <a.1.svistunov@gmail.com>

fixtures/Provided/test.md, after:

# Valid 

You are free to use software provided always that

You are free to use software provided, however, that

You are free to use software provided however that

You are free to use software provided, however that

You are free to use software provided however, that

You are free to use software provided furthermore that

You are free to use software provided furthermore, that

You are free to use software provided further that

You are free to use software provided further, that

You are free to use software provided that


You are free to use software providing always that

You are free to use software providing, however, that

You are free to use software providing however that

You are free to use software providing, however that

You are free to use software providing however, that

You are free to use software providing furthermore that

You are free to use software providing furthermore, that

You are free to use software providing further that

You are free to use software providing further, that

You are free to use software providing that

# False positive

An information provided by the company

An information provided for the benefit of 

An information provided in compliance with

An information provided to the company

An information provided with this submission

An information provided on 1 March

An information provided at the press conference

An information provided as the trade secret

An information provided from the company

An information provided through any means of communication

An information provided under the NDA

An information provided pursuant to this NDA
